docs(suggestion): make instructions clearer (#148)
yagpdb-cc/yagpdb-cc: suggestion/README.md

7. `$Upvote` -

>    The emoji for upvote reaction. Supports both custom as well as inbuilt emojis. For inbuilt emojis, it is recommended to use corresponding unicode characters such as `👍`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Upvote reaction emoji to use; inbuilt and custom emojis are both supported. If using a custom emoji, use the `name:id` / `a:name:id` format (for animated emojis). Otherwise, use the corresponding Unicode character, for example, `👍`.
```

8. `$Downvote` -

>    The emoji for downvote reaction. Supports both custom as well as inbuilt emojis. For inbuilt emojis, it is recommended to use corresponding unicode characters, like `👎`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Downvote reaction emoji to use; inbuilt and custom emojis are both supported. If using a custom emoji, use the `name:id` / `a:name:id` format (for animated emojis). Otherwise, use the corresponding Unicode character, for example, `👍`.
```
